README.md, before:

# atom-sync package

atom-sync is an Atom package to sync files bidirectionally between remote host and local over ssh+rsync. Inspired by [Sublime SFTP](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp).

[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dingjie/atom-sync.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dingjie/atom-sync)

> This package is currently in early development and has only been tested on Mac. Please kindly [try it out](http://atom.io/packages/atom-sync) and [provide feedback](https://github.com/dingjie/atom-sync/issues/new).

![atom-sync](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/586262/8085519/2b63a7c4-0fc3-11e5-930a-685b09fe7af3.gif)

### Feature ###
* Sync over ssh+rsync — still [secure](http://www.sakana.fr/blog/2008/05/07/securing-automated-rsync-over-ssh/), but much [faster](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20244585/what-is-the-difference-between-scp-and-rsync).
* [Multi-Folder Projects](http://blog.atom.io/2015/04/15/multi-folder-projects.html) with different sync config files supported
* Triggers conditionally run commands after successful uploading

### Prerequisite ###
* Ensure you have `ssh` and `rsync` installed.

### Quick Start ###
* Open a project folder to sync in [Atom](http://atom.io).
* Right click on the project folder and select `Sync` -> `Edit Remote Config`.
* Edit and save the config file.
* Right click on the project folder and select `Sync` -> `Sync Remote -> Local`.
* Watch water flows.

### Notice ###
* Password based login is not supported—at least yet, you have to [assign your key file](https://www.linode.com/docs/security/use-public-key-authentication-with-ssh) and better host name in .ssh/config in advanced. Try to [Simplify Your Life With an SSH Config File](http://nerderati.com/2011/03/17/simplify-your-life-with-an-ssh-config-file/).

### Config File (and Tutorial) ###
> .sync-config.cson

```
remote:
    host: "HOSTNAME",       # server name or ip or ssh host abbr in .ssh/config
    user: "USERNAME",       # ssh username
    path: "REMOTE_DIR"      # e.g. /home/someone/somewhere

behaviour:
    uploadOnSave: true      # Upload every time you save a file
    syncDownOnOpen: true    # Download every time you open a file
    forgetConsole: false    # Never show console panel even while syncing
    autoHideConsole: true   # Hide console automatically after 1.5s
    alwaysSyncAll: false    # Sync all files and folders under the project \
                            # instead of syncing single file or folder
option:
    deleteFiles: true       # Delete files during syncing
    autoHideDelay: 1500     # Time delay to hide console
    exclude: [              # Excluding patterns
        '.sync-config.cson'
        '.git'
        'node_modules'
        'tmp'
        'vendor'
    ]
    flags: 'avzpur'         # Advanced option: rsync flags
    shell: 'ssh'
trigger:                    # Triggers fire after uploading file successfully
                            # which STARTS with following patterns

    "*": "uptime"            # Wildcard trigger for any file uploaded

    "resources/scripts/coffee": [   # Any file under %PROJECT_ROOT%/resources/scripts/coffee \
                                    # being uploaded will fire this trigger

        "echo Compile coffeescript to js ..."
        "coffee -b --output js/ --compile coffee/"
        "ls public/js/|xargs -I@ echo \\t@"       # You can also pipe commands but don't \
                                                  # forget to escape special characters
    ]
    "resources/scripts/sass": [
        "echo Compile sass to css ..."
        "sass --update resources/scripts/sass:public/css"
    ]
```

### Introduction to Trigger ###
#### Config ####
```
trigger:
    "*": [
        "echo \'<span class=warning>Every time you\\'ll see me</span>\'"
    ]
    "coffee": [
        "echo Compile coffeescript to js ..."
        "mkdir -p js"
        "coffee -b --output js/ --compile coffee/"
        "ls js/|xargs -I@ echo \\t@"
    ]
    "sass/style.sass": [
        "echo Compile sass to css ..."
        "mkdir -p css"
        "sass --update sass:css"
    ]
```
#### Result ####
![trigger](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/586262/14584004/a2cf2872-0466-11e6-9908-5f035a8b4e46.gif)

#### Suggestion ####
Trigger is implemented via ssh, it would be great to use triggers with SSH ControlMaster by transferring data through single ssh tunnel instead of making one ssh connection for rsync and another for ssh command, which could be very slow under unideal network speed or connection limits.

###### Config sample of ~/.ssh/config ######

```
Host *
    ControlMaster auto
    ControlPath ~/.ssh/ssh-%r@%h:%p
    ControlPersist 10m
    ServerAliveInterval 30
```


### Keybindings ###
* `ctrl`+`alt`+`l` (Windows/Linux) `cmd`+`alt`+`l` (Mac) Toggle log window

### Known Problems ###
* You have to `Sync Local -> Remote` manually after renaming and deleting files.

### Roadmap ###
* Listen to events
  * Create folders
  * Rename files/folders
  * What about deleting?

Commit message:

Forked to apply pull request #76 from original repo

README.md, after:

# atom-rsync package

atom-rsync is an Atom package to sync files bidirectionally between remote host and local over ssh+rsync. Inspired by [Sublime SFTP](http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/sftp).

This Atom package is a fork of the [atom-rsync](https://github.com/dingjie/atom-rsync) package, which was abandoned around 2017 by the original author.  This package picks up and applies the [pull request #76](https://github.com/dingjie/atom-rsync/pull/76) from the original repo.

[![experimental](http://badges.github.io/stability-badges/dist/experimental.svg)](http://github.com/badges/stability-badges)[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dingjie/atom-rsync.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dingjie/atom-rsync)

> This package is currently in early development and has only been tested on Mac. Please kindly [try it out](http://atom.io/packages/atom-rsync) and [provide feedback](https://github.com/dingjie/atom-rsync/issues/new).

![atom-rsync](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/586262/8085519/2b63a7c4-0fc3-11e5-930a-685b09fe7af3.gif)

### Feature ###
* Sync over ssh+rsync — still [secure](http://www.sakana.fr/blog/2008/05/07/securing-automated-rsync-over-ssh/), but much [faster](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20244585/what-is-the-difference-between-scp-and-rsync).
* [Multi-Folder Projects](http://blog.atom.io/2015/04/15/multi-folder-projects.html) with different sync config files supported
* Triggers conditionally run commands after successful uploading

### Prerequisite ###
* Ensure you have `ssh` and `rsync` installed.

### Quick Start ###
* Open a project folder to sync in [Atom](http://atom.io).
* Right click on the project folder and select `Sync` -> `Edit Remote Config`.
* Edit and save the config file.
* Right click on the project folder and select `Sync` -> `Sync Remote -> Local`.
* Watch water flows.

### Notice ###
* Password based login is not supported—at least yet, you have to [assign your key file](https://www.linode.com/docs/security/use-public-key-authentication-with-ssh) and better host name in .ssh/config in advanced. Try to [Simplify Your Life With an SSH Config File](http://nerderati.com/2011/03/17/simplify-your-life-with-an-ssh-config-file/).

### Config File (and Tutorial) ###
> .sync-config.cson

```
remote:
    host: "HOSTNAME",       # server name or ip or ssh host abbr in .ssh/config
    user: "USERNAME",       # ssh username
    path: "REMOTE_DIR"      # e.g. /home/someone/somewhere

behaviour:
    uploadOnSave: true      # Upload every time you save a file
    syncDownOnOpen: true    # Download every time you open a file
    forgetConsole: false    # Never show console panel even while syncing
    autoHideConsole: true   # Hide console automatically after 1.5s
    alwaysSyncAll: false    # Sync all files and folders under the project \
                            # instead of syncing single file or folder
option:
    deleteFiles: true       # Delete files during syncing
    autoHideDelay: 1500     # Time delay to hide console
    exclude: [              # Excluding patterns
        '.sync-config.cson'
        '.git'
        'node_modules'
        'tmp'
        'vendor'
    ]
    flags: 'avzpur'         # Advanced option: rsync flags
    shell: 'ssh'
trigger:                    # Triggers fire after uploading file successfully
                            # which STARTS with following patterns

    "*": "uptime"            # Wildcard trigger for any file uploaded

    "resources/scripts/coffee": [   # Any file under %PROJECT_ROOT%/resources/scripts/coffee \
                                    # being uploaded will fire this trigger

        "echo Compile coffeescript to js ..."
        "coffee -b --output js/ --compile coffee/"
        "ls public/js/|xargs -I@ echo \\t@"       # You can also pipe commands but don't \
                                                  # forget to escape special characters
    ]
    "resources/scripts/sass": [
        "echo Compile sass to css ..."
        "sass --update resources/scripts/sass:public/css"
    ]
```

### Introduction to Trigger ###
#### Config ####
```
trigger:
    "*": [
        "echo \'<span class=warning>Every time you\\'ll see me</span>\'"
    ]
    "coffee": [
        "echo Compile coffeescript to js ..."
        "mkdir -p js"
        "coffee -b --output js/ --compile coffee/"
        "ls js/|xargs -I@ echo \\t@"
    ]
    "sass/style.sass": [
        "echo Compile sass to css ..."
        "mkdir -p css"
        "sass --update sass:css"
    ]
```
#### Result ####
![trigger](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/586262/14584004/a2cf2872-0466-11e6-9908-5f035a8b4e46.gif)

#### Suggestion ####
Trigger is implemented via ssh, it would be great to use triggers with SSH ControlMaster by transferring data through single ssh tunnel instead of making one ssh connection for rsync and another for ssh command, which could be very slow under unideal network speed or connection limits.

###### Config sample of ~/.ssh/config ######

```
Host *
    ControlMaster auto
    ControlPath ~/.ssh/ssh-%r@%h:%p
    ControlPersist 10m
    ServerAliveInterval 30
```


### Keybindings ###
* `ctrl`+`alt`+`l` (Windows/Linux) `cmd`+`alt`+`l` (Mac) Toggle log window

### Known Problems ###
* You have to `Sync Local -> Remote` manually after renaming and deleting files.

### Roadmap ###
* Listen to events
  * Create folders
  * Rename files/folders
  * What about deleting?
